November 18 Cloud release notes / doc changes (#165)
astronomer/cloud-docs: docs/environment-variables.md

    ![Add Variables button highlighted in the Environment Variables configuration table](/img/docs/add-variable.png)

4. Click **Update Variables** to apply your changes. This action restarts your Airflow Scheduler, Webserver, and Workers.

### Edit existing values

If you want to make changes to an existing environment variable, you can modify the variable's value at any time. To do so:

1. In the Astronomer UI, open a Deployment.
2. In the Deployment's **Configuration** menu, click **Edit Variables**.
3. Click the pencil icon next to the value you want to edit.

    ![Pencil icon next to an existing value in the Environment Variables configuration table](/img/docs/variable-pencil.png)

4. Modify the variable's value, then click the green checkmark.

    ![Green checkmark icon next to an updated value in the Environment Variables configuration table](/img/docs/variable-checkmark.png)

5. Click **Update Variables** to apply your changes. This action restarts your Airflow Scheduler, Webserver, and Workers.

:::info

Once an environment variable key has been set, it cannot be changed. Only an environment variable's value can be modified.

> :::

Reviewer: I feel like this doesn't have to be an "info" note? Can just be below the steps?

:::caution

Environment Variables that are set as secret can be modified, but the variable's secret value will never be shown to the user once it's been saved. To modify a secret environment variable, you'll be prompted to enter a new value.

:::

### How environment variables are stored on Astronomer

> All environment variables set from the Astronomer UI are stored in a database managed by Astronomer as part of the Control Plane. Values for secret environment variables are encrypted and stored in a managed volume such that they cannot be viewed in plain text by anyone, including Astronomer staff.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All environment variables set from the Astronomer UI are stored in a database managed by Astronomer as part of the Control Plane. Values for secret environment variables are encrypted and stored in a managed secrets backend such that they cannot be viewed in plain text by anyone, including Astronomer staff.
```

Reviewer 2: I support the above suggestion. Volume seems to suggest its a virtual disk.

> If you set environment variables in your Dockerfile, they are stored in the Docker image that is generated when you run `astro dev start` or `astro deploy`. If you have an environment variable with sensitive information or credentials, we strongly recommend setting the variable as a secret via the Astronomer Cloud UI instead of storing it in your Dockerfile.

Reviewer: This might actually be redundant to info in ## Set Environment Variables via Dockerfile? Up to u

5. Click **Update Variables** to apply your changes. This action restarts your Airflow Scheduler, Webserver, and Workers.

### How environment variables are stored on Astronomer

All values for environment variables that are set in the Astronomer UI are stored in a database managed by Astronomer as part of the Control Plane. Secret environment variables are encrypted and stored in a managed volume such that they cannot be viewed in plain text by anyone, including Astronomer staff.

If you set environment variables in your Dockerfile, they are stored in the Docker image that is generated when you run `astro dev start` or `astro deploy`. If you have an environment variable with sensitive information or credentials, we strongly recommend setting the variable as a secret via the Astronomer Cloud UI instead of storing it in your Dockerfile.

## Set Environment Variables via Dockerfile

If you want to store environment variables using an external version control tool, we recommend setting them in your `Dockerfile`. This file is automatically created when you first initialize an Airflow project on Astronomer via `astro dev init`.

> > **Note:** Given that this file will be committed upstream, we strongly recommend either storing sensitive variables via the Astronomer UI or using a 3rd party secrets protocol.

Author: Was thinking this is more "caution"-y
